DOC-2370: Add new page that describes Tiny Cloud's UBB. (#3226)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/usage-based-billing.adoc

=== How can I ensure I don’t go over my monthly limit?

All Admin users can check their usage data for the past six months in the {productname} Usage section of the Customer Portal. Usage data for the current billing cycle can be found in the Customer Portal > Settings > Billing Portal. We recommend monitoring your editor loads and choosing a plan that will both meet your needs and minimize your costs. Additionally, we will send an email notification to the address associated with your plan when you reach 70% of your monthly editor loads.

If your editor loads are consistently exceeding your plan limit, we suggest upgrading your plan to minimize costs. You can review the cost of link:https://www.tiny.cloud/pricing/[upgrading to a higher plan] at any time and can upgrade in the Billing Portal to immediately receive a higher editor load limit and new capabilities.

[NOTE]

> We recommend that the email address associated with your plan is linked to either a group alias, IT, or administrator address that will remain valid over time (e.g. accounts@yourdomain.com). By doing so, you'll avoid any disruption of {productname} in your project or application in the event of organizational or staff changes.

Author: Update example/domain URL as per @wwalc recommendation 
```suggestion
We recommend that the email address associated with your plan is linked to either a group alias, IT, or administrator address that will remain valid over time (e.g.  link:http://example.com/[http://example.com/]. By doing so, you'll avoid any disruption of {productname} in your project or application in the event of organizational or staff changes.
```
